Documentation site (#34)
NREL/OpenStudio-HPXML-Calibration: docs/index.md

- Or the short version `oshc -h`

## Required inputs

- An OSW (JSON) for the `BuildResidentialHPXML` measure
- A CSV file of utility data
- A config file specific to the home being calibrated

## Example steps

1. Write an [OSW file](inputs.md#osw-json-file-defining-the-home) that defines the existing home
1. Create an HPXML model from that osw file: `openstudio run --workflow <existing_home.osw> --measures_only`
1. Write a [utility consumption file](inputs.md#utility-consumption-csv-file) in csv format
1. Define a [custom configuration file](inputs.md#config-file) accounting for what is known about this home
1. Calibrate that model to the utility consumption data: `oshc calibrate --hpxml-filepath asdf.xml --csv-bills-filepath bcde.csv --config-filepath qwer.yml --output-dir test_output --num-proc 8`
1. Write an [OSW file](inputs.md#osw-json-file-defining-the-home) with an upgrade to the home
1. Create an HPXML model from the upgrade osw file: `openstudio run --workflow <upgraded_home.osw> --measures_only`
1. Calculate energy use from the uncalibrated upgraded home: `oshc run-sim --hpxml-filepath asdf_upgraded.xml`
1. Initialize the Calibrate object from this repo

>     1. Use it to create an OSW to modify the xml with the changes from calibration: `calibration.osw`

Reviewer: Just to confirm, is this accurate/right?

Author: Hmmmm, yes, I agree. Any suggestions?

# Getting Started

Generate an HPXML model of home energy use, calibrated to utility data.

!!! note "Nearly everyone will interact solely with the command line interface"
    Custom workflows can be built using the classes & methods. See the `Code Documentation` section for more information. For advanced users only.

- `openstudio-hpxml-calibration --help`
- Or the short version: `oshc -h`

## [Required inputs](inputs.md)

- An [HPXML model](https://hpxml.nrel.gov/)

>     - Possibly generated by an [OSW file](inputs.md#osw-file-defining-the-home) (JSON) for the `BuildResidentialHPXML` measure

Reviewer 2: Drop this line. It's out of scope for this project and the vast majority of users would not need it. 
```suggestion
```

- [Measured consumption data](inputs.md#config-file):
    - In the HPXML model, or
    - A CSV file of utility data
- A [config file](inputs.md#config-file) specific to the home being calibrated

## Usage instructions

> 1. If necessary, generate an HPXML model from your OSW: `openstudio run --workflow <existing_home.osw> --measures_only`

Reviewer 2: And drop this corresponding line too.
```suggestion
```

1. Use the `calibrate` command of the app. Required parameters:
    - path to hpxml file
    - path to the config file for that home

    `oshc calibrate --hpxml-filepath path/to/asdf.xml --config-filepath path/to/qwer.yml`

1. Optional parameters for the `calibrate` command:
    - path to csv of consumption data (if using that technique)
    - path to output-dir: to save in a custom location
    - num-proc: integer number of processor cores to use for parallel simulations
    - save-all-results: boolean to capture all intermediate steps. Useful for debugging
    - verbose: flag to enable more verbose logging during operation. Can be repeated for increased output

>     `oshc calibrate --hpxml-filepath path/to/asdf.xml --config-filepath path/to/qwer.yml --csv-bills-filepath path/to/bcde.csv --output-dir path/to/test_output --num-proc 8 save-all-results True --verbose --verbose`

Reviewer 2: Should this be `--save-all-results` instead of `save-all-results`? If so, then this command probably wasn't tested, please test it...

Author: aaaaaaaaargh hahahahaha thank you so much.

## Outputs

> - A folder for each generation of attempt during calibration, with the hpxml model considered

Reviewer 2: I barely understand this. How about:
```suggestion
- A folder for each generation of the calibration search, with the best individual HPXML model
```

> - `logbook.json` which captures all the outputs at each generation, and which iteration was used to continue the search

Reviewer 2: "and which iteration was used to continue the search" What does that mean?

Author: Thank goodness you reviewed this. I meant the `best individual` that was used, showing the value choices used for that individual (and the corresponding sim results and error values).

> - `best_individual.xml` model, the final model which meets the calibration requirements set in the config file

Reviewer 2: It doesn't necessarily meet the requirements...

```suggestion
- `best_individual.xml` model, the final model which best meets the acceptance criteria set in the config file
```

Author: Even more so, it isn't the model that "best" meets the acceptance criteria, rather the _first_ one the GA finds that does.

> - Plots to gain insight into the calibration

Reviewer 2: Surely we can be slightly more descriptive? There are calibration search plots and weather normalization plots...
